This is the number of entries for the Global Music Project.
This global music project has not yet begun.
Because of Mr. Chen's incident, all the judges of the competition were changed.
Time also delayed camp sentences.
The company has secured a spot for every partner who works as a Qinghui.
I hope everyone will work hard to create and win their own situation.
It's such a small thing to trouble you to come in and fuck you
These quotas are all reserved by the president and have not been allocated in installments.
If you all confirmed it, I would like to thank you.
Everyone thanks the president why
Why is the declaration so good?
I mentioned it out loud last night
Today is too much trouble for you and me
This is not what you want to do for us.
The president was initially expensive
By then, people in Brazil will talk more
Why don't you kiss me too?
Everyone Global Music Project
who is performing music